I've known James and Linda well forever.
They were there when my family fell away and I fell away.
I knew it was the truth.
I just wanted more.
But when the pandemic hit, I knew the end was close.
I started studying again and got baptized just in time.
He keeps passing this blog information and asking for everyone's opinion.
I saw it.
It's the third one this week.
I'll talk to him.
He just needs to verify his sources.
Did you get a chance to read the links I sent you?
Of course I read it.
And it's exciting to think we could be so close.
And when you watch the news, you realize it could be any day now.
What's all the excitement?
The cry of peace and security.
Thanks again for sharing.
See you.
Too lonely.
Remember Jesus said.
No one knows the day or hour.
But he said we should keep on the watch.
I think it's great you're keeping the end close in mind.
Because of you and Linda, both of you have shown me how close we really are.
I have to take this quickly.
But I'll see you on Friday.
I saw what was happening in the world and you both helped me.
Put it all together.
We just want to be sure you are focused on the right things.
We can all start thinking too much about when the end will come.
But I'm just being alert.
Isn't that what you taught me to do?
A alert is good.
And if the end is really so far off,
why did I need to change my life now?
You are asking the right questions.
There was a moment in our lives when we focused too much on the wind.
Rather than the why we were saving Jehovah.
It affected our zeal, our happiness, our perspective.
And we never want that for you.
This is the answer.
Since all these things are to be dissolved in this way,
consider what sort of people you ought to be in holy acts of conduct
and deeds of godly devotion.
We don't know when the end will come.
Could be tomorrow.
It could take a little longer.
But what matters is the kind of person we are.
When it comes.
So focus on your love for Jehovah,
his organization, his work.
Take the excitement you have and direct it to the right way.